[Music]
This is Hunting YouTube, which aims to show
the best hunting, shooting and fishing videos
that YouTube has to offer.
First up, let's dwell on the CLA Game Fair
2013.
There are several films out on YouTube already.
SRSPower got his out the day after he filmed
it.
Good work.
And it's nice to see his style developing.
No longer the long intros with the view of
the dashboard.
Now it's short, snappy and there are three
of them, walking round the Game Fair and having
a laugh.
Good telly.
It was great to meet HuntersVermin at the
Game Fair.
Here's his latest, Air Rifle Hunting, Rabbit
Hunt 35.
He describes it as "Not a big bag after missing
a few but glad to get out a run with the rifle
all the same" making him the Bono of the world
of Hunting YouTube.
Now, let's look forward, and the Glorious
Twelfth of August, the start of the gameshooting
season in the UK, is just around the corner.
This is a pretty film from BASCFilms about
the conservation and economic benefits of
grouse-shooting.
Don't be put off by that description - it
has lots of lovely grouse-shooting in it,
too.
On to fishing and Ron Sutherland hooks a salmon
and trout at the same time in the dusk on
the river Helmsdale.
See how he gets on in this video.
Last week, I put the words 'semi-naked woman
hunting' into the title of Hunting YouTube
and, guess what?
it got lots of views.
So here's my chance to put 'scantily-clad
woman fishing' into the title.
This is Babs Kijewski's channel promo film
and she is actually really good, although
in German.
Get it transcribed, dear, like we do so foreigners
can switch on the captions.
And not only are her fishing videos good but
she always looks amazing.
Back to shooting and viewer DragonoftheEastblu
recommends TheSlowMoGuys shooting bullets
underwater at 27,000 frames per second.
I have featured these guys before.
They have a whole series devoted to shooting
household objects with an air pistol, and
some fairly poor gun safety, but rack this
up to HD and play it on a big screen for stunning
effect.
Now here's a character.
Big Squirrel Hunter is a Canadian called Nevis
Walker who heads out into the tundra after
squirrels in a manner which makes you respect
these little animals anew.
In Snowy Head Shot, Nevis finally shoots one
out of an oak tree.
One of the best-made hunting shows on YouTube,
Truth About Hunting, comes to you from Primos
Hunting Calls.
Hardy anyone watches films in this series
but once you have waded through nearly two
minutes of preroll, they are a great expo
of different US hunting styles.
You can click on any of these films to watch
them.
If you have a YouTube film you would like
us to pop in to the weekly top eight, send
it in via YouTube, or email me the link charlie@fieldsportschannel.tv